[Documentation] `local_mode` doc updates and actor / worker explanation from Slack (#10748)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/actors.rst

This can be useful if you cannot directly
pass the actor handle to the task that needs it, or if you are trying to
access an actor launched by another driver.
Note that the actor will still be garbage-collected if no handles to it

> exist. See `Actor Lifetimes`_ for more details.

Reviewer: Can you use an implicit reference instead? https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/1.7/markup/inline.html#cross-referencing-arbitrary-locations

  .. group-tab:: Java

    Actor pool hasn't been implemented in Java yet.

> Actors, Workers and Resources
> -----------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actors, Workers and Resources
-----------------------------
```

> With a single actor occupying a single worker process for its lifetime,
> the difference between an actor and worker can be hazy. This will spell out the differences.
> 
> When Ray starts on a machine, it is allocated a certain amount of resources (which you can specify with arguments to ray.init ). One idle ray worker starts in the cluster per CPU by default.
> 
> Each of these workers is able to perform tasks or actors. For an actor, the actor runs on a worker and occupies that workers capacity as long as the actor is alive.
> 
> If you have a bunch of tasks that need, for example, 2 cpus each (which you can specify in the args to @ray.remote ), and 16 CPUs, you will end up with 8 of your 16 workers idling.
> 
> An actor of a given class does not always get launched to the same worker process, but once an actor is instantiated, all of its methods will run on the same resources.
> 
> To maximally utilize your resources, then, you want to maximize the time that
> your actors are working. You also want to allocate enough cluster resources 
> so that both all of your needed actors can run and any other tasks you
> define can run. This also implies that tasks are scheduled more flexibly,
> and that if you don't need the stateful part of an actor, you're mostly
> better off using tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What's the difference between a worker and an actor?

Each "Ray worker" is a python process. 

Workers are treated differently for tasks and actors. Any "Ray worker" is either 1. used to execute multiple Ray tasks or 2. is started as a dedicated Ray actor.

 * Tasks: When Ray starts on a machine, a number of Ray workers will be started automatically (1 per CPU by default). They will be used to execute tasks (like a process pool). If you execute 8 tasks with `num_cpus=2`, and total number of CPUs is 16 (`ray.cluster_resources()["CPU"] == 16`), you will end up with 8 of your 16 workers idling.

 * Actor: A Ray Actor is also a "Ray worker" but is instantiated at runtime (upon `actor_cls.remote()`). All of its methods will run on the same process, using the same resources (designated when defining the Actor). Note that unlike tasks, the python processes that runs Ray Actors are not reused and will be terminated when the Actor is deleted.

To maximally utilize your resources, you want to maximize the time that
your workers are working. You also want to allocate enough cluster resources 
so that both all of your needed actors can run and any other tasks you
define can run. This also implies that tasks are scheduled more flexibly,
and that if you don't need the stateful part of an actor, you're mostly
better off using tasks.
```
